Why the Website is Not Working on Netlify

1. Lack of Native PHP Support on Netlify CDN

Netlify is designed for hosting static frontends (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and compiled single-page applications) and running stateless serverless backends (Node.js, Go, Rust, or Python).

Netlify does not execute PHP files on its global CDN.
When a user navigates to the website, the server cannot parse or execute files like index.php or login.php. Instead, the server will either serve the raw PHP source code as plain text, prompt the browser to download the file, or return a 404 error if not configured.
2. SQLite Database File Write and Persistence Incompatibility (database.sqlite)

The application uses SQLite as its database engine, storing all data in a local file named database.sqlite (defined in config/database.php).

Netlify's execution environment is stateless and ephemeral.
In serverless environments, any files written or modified during execution are discarded immediately. Even if the PHP files could be executed via a custom bridge, any dynamic changes (such as user registrations, product additions, category sorting, or theme updates) would not persist or be shared across requests or users.
3. Stateful PHP Sessions (session_start())

The website uses session_start() and the $_SESSION superglobal to track user authentication, log-in status, and permissions.

PHP sessions typically store state in files on the server's local file system.
Because serverless functions are distributed across many temporary instances, they cannot share local file-system state, which breaks user log-ins and admin dashboards.
4. Apache Rewrite Rules are Ignored (.htaccess)

The codebase includes an Apache configuration file (includes/htaccess.) containing rewrite rules such as:

RewriteEngine On
RewriteRule ^@([a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)$ menu.php?username=$1 [QSA,L]
Netlify does not use Apache and completely ignores .htaccess files.
Routing parameters like @username will fail to resolve correctly unless configured via Netlify's native redirects structure (_redirects or netlify.toml), which still cannot execute the target PHP file.
Recommended Action Plans

To resolve these issues and get the website working, the user has two distinct paths depending on their hosting preferences.

Option A: Move to a PHP-Compatible Hosting Platform (Recommended & Fastest)

Since the PHP/SQLite codebase is fully built and ready to go, the easiest solution is to move the codebase to a platform that natively supports dynamic PHP execution and stateful file-system storage.

Replit: The repository already contains a replit.nix file specifying PHP and SQLite dependencies. Importing this repository into a Replit workspace will allow the PHP server and SQLite database to function out-of-the-box.
Traditional Shared Hosting / VPS: Standard web hosts (such as Hostinger, Bluehost, or DigitalOcean) run Apache or Nginx servers with native PHP-FPM and respect .htaccess rewrite rules.
PaaS (Render, Railway, Fly.io): These modern platforms can host PHP applications inside Docker containers and allow mounting a persistent disk directory to store the database.sqlite file securely.
Option B: Migrate the Application to Netlify-Native Technologies

If the application must be hosted on Netlify, it must be rebuilt to align with Netlify's serverless, static-first architecture:

Frontend: Rewrite the PHP page layouts into static HTML/CSS/JavaScript, or adopt a modern JavaScript framework (such as React, Vue, Svelte, or Astro).
Database Persistence: Migrate from a local SQLite file (database.sqlite) to Netlify Database (managed Postgres), defining the database schema with Drizzle ORM in db/schema.ts.
Backend Logic: Replace all server-side PHP scripts with Netlify Functions written in TypeScript/JavaScript or Go/Python to handle user authentication, product management, and theme configurations.
User Authentication: Move from PHP sessions to a stateless, serverless-friendly authentication flow, such as Netlify Identity or JWT (JSON Web Tokens).